In a markdown formatted file, DESIGN.md, describe the primary classes (in packages if possible) you envision are needed to read in and represent a CA model and its simulation. Focus your design on how to represent a model in a general way and specifically on what behavior (i.e., methods) your classes would have. If describing an inheritance hierarchy, clearly identify what behaviors the classes have in common, the superclass, and what are different, the subclasses, rather than the instance variables.

In your design document, include the following sections:

* Introduction
This section describes the problem your team is trying to solve by writing this program, the primary design goals of the project (i.e., where is it most flexible), and the primary architecture of the design (i.e., what is closed and what is open). It should be approximately 200-300 words long and discuss the program at a high-level (i.e., without referencing specific classes, data structures, or code).
* Overview
* This section serves as a map of your design for other programmers to gain a general understanding of how and why the program was divided up, and how the individual parts work together to provide the desired functionality. As such, it should describe specific components you intend to create, their purpose with regards to the program's functionality, and how they collaborate with each other. It should also include a picture of how the components are related (these pictures can be hand drawn and scanned in, created with a standard drawing program, or screen shots from a UML design program). This section should be approximately 700-1000 words long and discuss specific classes, methods, and data structures, but not individual lines of code.
* User Interface
* This section describes how the user will interact with your program (keep it very simple to start). It should describe the overall appearance of program's user interface components and how users interact with these components (especially those specific to your program, i.e., means of input other than menus or toolbars). It should also include one or more pictures of the user interface (these pictures can be hand drawn and scanned in, created with a standard drawing program, or screen shots from a dummy program that serves as a exemplar). Finally, it should describe any erroneous situations that are reported to the user (i.e., bad input data, empty data, etc.). This section may be as long as it needs to be and go into as much detail as necessary to cover all your team wants to say.
* Design Details 
* This section describes each component introduced in the Overview in detail (as well as any other sub-components that may be needed but are not significant to include in a high-level description of the program). It should describe how each component handles specific features given in the assignment specification, what resources it might use, how it collaborates with other components, and how each could be extended to include additional requirements (from the assignment specification or discussed by your team). Finally, justify the decision to create each component with respect to the design's key goals, principles, and abstractions. This section may be as long as it needs to be and go into as much detail as necessary to cover all your team wants to say.
* Design Considerations 
* This section describes any issues which need to be addressed or resolved before attempting to devise a complete design solution. It should include any design decisions that the group discussed at length (include pros and cons from all sides of the discussion) as well as any assumptions or dependencies regarding the program that impact the overall design. This section may be as long as it needs to be and go into as much detail as necessary to cover all your team wants to say.
* Team Responsibilities
* This section describes the program components each team member plans to take primary and secondary responsibility for and a high-level plan of how the team will complete the program.